Feature/pre and post signal cmd (#40)
mittwald/mittnite: README.md

}
```

> In addition, it is possible to execute an optional command before and/or after signaling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, it is possible to execute a command before and/or after signaling.
This command should not modify the file being watched, otherwise the watcher might enter an infinite loop.
```
